 class="active"


THE STOCK MARKET BASICS
Learn the fundamentals of the stock market and be a pro trader with the well-curated and researched stock market basic course from Candila Capital. We aim to impart real-time and exact knowledge of the industry. Our team of professional trainers and educators are highly experienced. They exert to explain every concept concerning the fundamentals of the stock market in detail.

MASTER STOCK INVESTMENT AND TRADING
If you are an aspirant investor with a vision to leverage the thriving opportunities in the market then, you must enroll for our stock market basic course. The course is specifically drafted for amateur stock market enthusiasts. The stock market basic course employs a cohesive and researched approach on the subject.

It covers all the intricacies of the market, different strategies that one can adopt and technical aspects of trading. The industry veterans and experts conduct interactive sessions on the stock market. These sessions are bespoke and designed to provide the required confidence to a trader.

At Candila Capital, our motive is to acquaint our students with a complete understanding of the market and aid them to narrow down their choice. Our courses focus on technical analysis, fundamental analysis, and study of the market. They enable one to keep pace with the ever-evolving stock market. The global trends, market insights, study of foresight and holistic approach to the stock market is discussed throughout the course.

WHAT YOU WILL LEARN IN OUR COURSE:
How to get started with stock market trading and investment?
What are the different types of markets? (primary, secondary and money markets)
Trading and Demat accounts
Order executions
Various exchanges in India
Introduction to the fundamental analysis tool
Stock selection process
Stock investing strategies
Portfolio management
Trend identification
Volume analysis
Risk management and stop-loss trading
Market psychology
WHY CHOOSE CANDILA CAPITAL?
Candila Capital has a rich experience of more than one decade in providing professional training as well as in investment management. Our experience coupled with our attention to detail makes us one of the top stock and investment training companies in the country. Our stock market basic and advanced courses are well-planned and comprehensive. The course introduces one to the world of the stock market and enables one to understand the complexities of the market with ease.

The simplified and systematic stock market basic course brings into the limelight some of the key stock investing strategies and techniques. It allows one to know the exact process of trading. The course covers everything right from placing the order, managing Demat account, delivery of the stock, brokerage rates, limit orders, stop-loss orders, exchange-traded funds and much more.

The learners can study the art of applying best practices and techniques to make apt stock market choices. The use of qualitative and quantitative ratios to determine the risk, market volatility, and opportunities.

Candila Capital gives utmost emphasis on the practical as well as theoretical aspects of the stock market. For us, achieving the right balance and acquainting our students with the market and industry technicalities is of supreme importance.

To learn how to start investing in the stock market, expand the horizons of your knowledge.

















LEARN THE FUNDAMENTAL ANALYSIS AND UPGRADE YOUR SKILLS
Candila Capital brings to you a perfectly designed fundamental analysis course that aims at strengthening your foundation. Our courses are tailor-made to provide you with a great understanding of fundamental analysis. The scientifically structured course helps the participants to comprehend the basic concepts and terminologies related to the capital market and stock investment. Fundamental analysis is the backbone of investing, it helps one to understand the intricacies of the income statement, balance sheet, cash flow statement and much more. It aids one to gain insight into the company’s future, potential and performance.

THE OBJECTIVE OF THE FUNDAMENTAL ANALYSIS COURSE
The main objective of the fundamental analysis course at Candila Capital is to provide optimum knowledge about how to analyse balance sheets and income statements. The course gives optimum knowledge on macroeconomics, industry and sectoral analysis as well as qualitative factors. By the end of the course, one will have a solid grasp of the technical language, concepts of security analysis, stock analysis, portfolio management, approach to stock investing, ratio analysis and much more.

TOPICS COVERED UNDER FUNDAMENTAL ANALYSIS COURSE:
Introduction to fundamental analysis
Approaches to stock investing
Company analysis
Financial statement analysis
Learn ratio analysis
Fundamental analysis tools (like MoneyControl, Market Screener, Economic Times and Market Mojo)
Company statistics and Company actions
Market tracking
The fundamental analysis course is tactfully and skillfully designed to benefit individuals who are enthusiasts and ambitious. The long term and short-term investors can learn how to take a non-speculative path, invest constructively, manage individual portfolios and money management. Individuals at all levels who can acquire skills required for fundamental analysis and analysis beyond valuations are welcomed for the course.

WHAT WILL YOU LEARN BY ENROLLING WITH CANDILA CAPITAL?
Stock Valuation: The fundamental analysis course is designed and structured to bring into limelight some of the most important and basic aspects of market trading. Understanding stock valuation is crucial. It allows one to gauge the true value and potential of the stock/script. The fundamental analysis course from Candila Capital acquaints you with the rules and technical cities of stock valuation. These points and terms can help you to identify good stock and make an informed decision.
Stock Analysis: Stock Market is all about the right move, at the right time. An agile mindset and analytical approach can work wonders. If you are an investor, you must know the fundamentals of stock analysis. There are various parameters that can help you to analyse a stock and predict its trend. Candila Capital strategically unveils these parameters in its latest course on the stock market and fundamental analysis. The course is divided into two levels to provide in-depth and sufficient knowledge to the participants.
Company Valuation: The performance and market position of a company has a direct impact on the stock. Learn about the various companies, study their market movement, review various companies and their case studies with the industry veterans and stock market specialists at Candila Capital.
Financial Modelling: Financial Modelling is complex and involves umpteen models and terms. Candila Capital Fundamental Analysis courses introduce the significant financial models that can assist an investor in picking potential stocks and reducing the traders’ risk.
Stock Market Investing: Learn about how you make the most of the opportunities thriving in the stock market with the various investment strategies discussed during our interactive sessions. We familiarize you with a plethora of stock market investing strategies and plans for sustainable as well as revenue-oriented growth.
Financial Analysis: Get to know about the various factors that can aid you to analyse the financial position and scope of stock with experts at Candila Capital. We aim to impart quality and realistic knowledge to our participants.
COURSE FEATURES
Learn fundamental analysis from experts designed industry mapped curriculum
Study the prominent and in vogue concepts of share market investing
Topics such as RBI, SEBI, Indian Stock Exchange, BSE, NIFTY, SENSEX, Investment options, Equity research, ratio analysis.
Get theoretical and practical knowledge with live market trading examples.
Learn how to use market correlation and improve investing strategies.
THE OUTCOME
In this course, the participants will learn the complexities and technicalities of fundamental analysis. Determining the valuation of a company or stock analysing using ratios and statistics. The valuation measures, financial highlights and trading information for the given company.  The course experts will introduce you to various platforms and how to use them strategically. Study the definitions, market trends, insights and important terminologies related to company growth comparisons.

The bespoke course is designed to determine which companies are undervalued, which companies are overvalued, the scope of a company, company analysis, company valuation, capital appreciation and much more. It helps to evaluate a company on different parameters to know if a company or stock is a viable investment option or a good vehicle for capital appreciation. The course avidly covers vital topics such as stock splits, dividends, short interest, face value, bonus shares, buyback, offer for sale, shareholding patterns, Follow on Public Offers and debt ratio.




















LEARN THE INTRICACIES OF TECHNICAL ANALYSIS AT CANDILA CAPITAL
Candila Capital is one of the leading institutions offering quality and researched courses. Our motive is to assist an investor and acquaint them with the basics of the stock market and trading. Our courses are specifically designed to take into consideration the vital aspects of trading, investment strategies, and market movement. At Candila Capital, we exert to groom our participants. Our focus is to help to leverage the market opportunities to the fullest whilst establishing a strong foundation.

The technical analysis courses enable one to study the charts, balance sheet, profit, and loss as well as other technical aspects. It gives immense attention to demand and supply psychology, support, resistance, and other parameters. An understanding of technical analysis and the role it can play in making stock market decisions is advantageous. It helps to back your decision with some authentic and realistic facts and figures.

MAKE ACCURATE PREDICTIONS
Stock Market involves foresightedness and action upon insights. However, a comprehension of the market trends, company charts, and performance is vital. It has a tremendous impact on your decisions. Our technical analysis course familiarizes you with the technical terms and aids you to make accurate predictions. It explains the market sentiments and helps one to foresee the prediction of the market.  Candila Capital with its specially curated technical analysis courses enables you to know different elements of technical analysis and its effect on the market movement.

THE SCOPE OF TECHNICAL ANALYSIS
Often traders and stock market enthusiasts overlook the importance of technical analysis. There are only a few seasoned and successful equity traders, stock traders, forex traders, and commodity traders that can predict the market for the short as well as long term. Technical analysis can allow one to recoup great profits on investment. It can minimize the risk of loss. Candila Capital with an aim to provide maximum knowledge to our participants and enable them to acquire skills brings to you a professional technical analysis course. The course explains the significance of technical analysis and offers incredible insights that can determine the future of the market.

THE ADVANTAGES OF OUR TECHNICAL ANALYSIS COURSE
Psychology of the investors: The technical analysis courses enable traders and investors to get a clear understanding of trading and investing strategies. It explains the Demand and supply psychology and other prominent concepts of stock market trading.
Analyzing market trends: The ultimate advantage of our technical analysis course is that traders can learn how to make accurate predictions, investment trends and make trading decisions. The three trends of the market Up Trend, DownTrend, and Sideways or Ranging Market can be learned by enrolling in our technical analysis course.
Entry and exit points: In investment and trading time is everything. The revenue and loss depend on your timing. One must know when to enter and when to exit. The technical analysis course explains the importance of candlestick patterns and charts. The technical concepts learned during the course will enable one to make a good entry and exit from the market.
Early Signals: Learn how to foresee an early signal before the reversal takes place. Activities of the market traders and companies can be analyzed with the help of technical analysis.
Stop loss and target: Our technical analysis course covers stop loss and target concepts. This concept defines the position of an investor. It helps a trader or investors to gauge the risk according to an individual risk appetite.
Information: Whether you are a long-term trader, intraday trader, swing trader, or short-term The detailed information covered in the technical charts allows traders and investors to make the right decisions and build their portfolios. During the technical analysis course, a lot of information is provided to a learner to analyze the stock market, commodity market, and equity market.
Topics covered in our technical analysis course:

Introduction to charts
Advance volume analysis
Trend identification
Basic of risk management
Technical indicators and trading strategies
Market psychology
Backtesting and implementation
LEARN FROM THE EXPERTS
The technical analysis introduces various tools and concepts for investing and trading. Learning technical analysis from industry experts and market veterans can lead you to profits. However, it depends on traders and individual investors to determine the right stock or analyze a company. Register for our technical analysis course to thoroughly understand the technicalities of the market and make worthwhile decisions.










LEARN THE FUNDAMENTALS OF FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AT CANDILA CAPITAL
Risks are an integral part of trading. It is essential to learn the concept of risk management and its impact to make correct decisions. Stock Market Trading training courses at Candila Capital are focused and structured. They cover all the vital aspects of investing and trading including financial risk management. The researched backed course enables one to comprehend crucial and complex elements like market risks, portfolio risk, operational risk and much more.

At Candila Capita, we understand that financial risk analytics is vital. It is an ever-evolving thing that aids one to determine not an only hedging risk but also financial risks associated with it. The analytical approach coupled with our incredible experience in imparting knowledge gives participants a holistic overview of the market.

AN INTRODUCTION TO ANALYTICAL TECHNIQUES
Risk management is all about applying your technical knowledge about the spectrum and gauging the potential risks. The Financial risk management courses offered at Candila Capital allows one to get optimum information about various types of risks such as credit risk, regulatory risk, capital risk and advisory valuation adjustment. It introduces one with the financial risk analytics concepts and terms. The course highlights the need to learn financial risk management and its effect on the overall profits.

In this course the participants will be familiarized with various risk assessment techniques, strategies and elements to consider while analysing a stock, company or portfolio. The course is carefully curated taking into consideration the theoretical as well as practical aspects of trading and investment. The participants will study the relationship between threats, risks, vulnerabilities and assets. The practical oriented financial risk management course engages the participants with real-life case studies. Case studies and real-life situations allow one to polish their skills in financial modelling.

GAUGE RISK LEVELS
Trading and investment are all about foreseeing the risks and making informed decisions. The ability to gauge risk is significant. Not everyone has the optimum understanding of the market and an analytical approach to risk management. The aspirants wishing to make it big in the market and leverage the thriving opportunities can enrol for our financial risk management course to refine their skills. The course employs a comprehensive approach to risk management. The veterans and industry experts at Candila Management give utmost emphasis on the technicalities and intricacies of financial risk management. The participants are loaded with authentic and easy to comprehend information and techniques related to financial risk management.

At Candila Capital, we strive to make our participants realize the importance of taking risks. Everyone has to at some point or other have to take risks and make decisions that can alter their lives forever. In such scenarios, a familiarity with risk analysis and management can work wonders. It can not just ensure sustainable growth but will also minimize the chances of losses.

TOPICS COVERED IN OUR FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT COURSE:
Portfolio Handling
Analysing strategies
Trading Psychology
Basic of risk management
Stoploss trading
Implementing strategies
FORECAST CHALLENGES AND TRENDS EFFICIENTLY
The ability to see beyond the brim can take you to newer heights. Candila Capital aims at polishing your skills with its smartly planned course of financial risk management. The financial management course enables you to forecast challenges, trends and analyse market insights. Created by some of the experts and finance gurus the financial risk management courses bring into limelight the concepts such as structuring, modelling, operational risk techniques and much more. Candila Capital envisions providing its participants with an elated and worthwhile learning experience. Our interactive sessions and thoughtfully planned curriculum will surely help you to recoup great returns on your investments.











Gaganjeet Bhullar
Founder & Chairman
Gaganjeet is currently Founder and Chairman at Candila Capital.

Gaganjeet is an internationally acclaimed golfer, active on the Asian Tour and the European Tour. He has won 20 titles till date, and was awarded the prestigious Arjuna Award in 2013. Besides his passion for golf, Gaganjeet has a thriving investment portfolio and a passion for investing, understanding market performance and analytics, and a penchant for discovering undervalued stocks. He is an active investor in several markets and financial instruments, and an angel investor in start-ups, investing in sports analytics, fitness etc.

He is a voracious reader on international financial research and loves to study and interact with market experts when he is not on the golf greens.











Kamal Preet Singh
CEO
Kamal Preet is currently Chief Executive Officer at Candila Capital.

He has more than twelve years of experience in the financial markets, including trading at several national and international exchanges – NSE, BSE, MCX, NYMEX, COMEX, LME, DGCX to name a few. He has worked as a proprietary trading desk trader, an investment banker with xx, and a trader in OTC markets with xx. HE also has accumulated rich experience in derivatives, and worked with numerous clients adding xx to their wealth over the years. (or returns of xx% age points on their portfolio).

Kamal Preet holds a Masters from xx, and a Bachelors from xx. He actively runs an educational institution in finance and is regarded an expert in the subject.